Update add_kubernetes_metadata.asciidoc (#25054)
elastic/beats: libbeat/processors/add_kubernetes_metadata/docs/add_kubernetes_metadata.asciidoc

The `add_kubernetes_metadata` processor annotates each event with relevant
metadata based on which Kubernetes pod the event originated from.

> At startup, it detects an `in_cluster` environment and caches the

Reviewer: A comma is OK, but the general rule is to add a comma after an introductory phrase of 4 or more words.

* Namespace
* Labels

> In addition, Node's metadata and Namespace's metadata are being added in Pod's metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, the node and namespace metadata is added to the pod metadata.
```

The `add_kubernetes_metadata` processor has two basic building blocks:

* Indexers
* Matchers

> Indexers use pods metadata to create unique identifiers for each one of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indexers use pod metadata to create unique identifiers for each one of the
```
```suggestion
Indexers use pods metadata to create unique identifiers for each one of the
```

`namespace`:: (Optional) Select the namespace from which to collect the
metadata. If it is not set, the processor collects metadata from all namespaces.
It is unset by default.
`add_resource_metadata`:: (Optional) Specify labels and annotations filters for the extra metadata coming from node and namespace.

>  `add_resource_metadata` can be done for `node` or `namespace`. By default all labels will be included

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 `add_resource_metadata` can be done for `node` or `namespace`. By default all labels are included
```

`namespace`:: (Optional) Select the namespace from which to collect the
metadata. If it is not set, the processor collects metadata from all namespaces.
It is unset by default.

> `add_resource_metadata`:: (Optional) Specify labels and annotations filters for the extra metadata coming from Node and namespace.

Reviewer: Why is Node capitalized? It should be lowercase, no? See the [K8s style guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/).

 `add_resource_metadata` can be done for `node` or `namespace`. By default all labels will be included

> while annotations are not added by default. These settings are useful when labels' and annotations'

Reviewer: Should labels and annotations be possessive here?

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
`kube_config`:: (Optional) Use given config file as configuration for Kubernetes
client. It defaults to `KUBECONFIG` environment variable if present.

> `default_indexers.enabled`:: (Optional) Enable or disable default pod indexers to specify your own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`default_indexers.enabled`:: (Optional) Enable or disable default pod indexers when you want to specify your own.
```

Reviewer: my edit is wordier, but it makes it clear that you need to do more than enable or disable the default indexers.

> `default_matchers.enabled`:: (Optional) Enable or disable default pod matchers to specify your own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`default_matchers.enabled`:: (Optional) Enable or disable default pod matchers when you want to specify your own.
```
